hey guys this is a quick look on the
road premium from it's from sideshow I
am returning this tattoo because it has
some issues unfortunately very small
plain box you're not getting what is on
the picture getting this very sloppy
paint job place the iron going down
there it's about such a cult figure
there's something delicious with the
body as well so
we're going to keep it it's disclose it
so i came in with the prince which is
fantastic and this one which is not so
much
this was it had
sorry just a second
huge long neck then I like the look on
this one you know
I do not recommend you picking up
morning because it's not worth it
therefore return on this
for the other one all right
you guys can see it but makes your job
at liz's I'm good at all anyway thanks
for watching us